When I am coding myself, there's this time that you're like, typing and
you're thinking about, like the next algorithm that you're going to
write and you start to get into this flow where you kind of see the
future and it's all a matter of like, your hands typing down the words
so that you can get to that point but at that time, it's not like
you're typing, it's not like your thinking of things at the time.
You already know where you want to go and it's just a matter of getting
there as fast as possible. So, that's what I mean when I say flow,
like, it's kind of like, if you play video games and you know how
you're supposed to beat the boss and then you can see the person on
the screen running and jumping and you know, sliding and stuff but
you're not thinking about the way that your hands are controlling the
character. You know, you're not thinking about B, B, up, down, left,
right. You're just thinking of the person running and jumping and
so, that's what homework is for me. That's what, like, when I do my
start-up, that's what it is for me, you know, I see the end goal and
that time, you know, between the time that where you are and the
final product, that's the flow that I mean where it's like, you can
just get into it and it's really fun and you can do it all day, because
it's, you know, so inspirational.